This textfile will tell you how to create a new quiz folder containing your own designed questiones.

The program is designed so that each question belongs to one separate html file. So one html file will represent one question. You will have to use the
QuizTemplate.html attached in this folder. Just make copies of this template and add you question into each copy of the template.

Some important requirements that needs to be followed are:

1) you need to have 40 questions, the program is designed for 40 questions, not more not less. So 40 questions( that is 40 copies of the QuizTemplate.html file
containing you questions) needs to be created in order to be compatible with the design of the program. 

2) all of the questions should be placed inside a folder with a name of your choice.

3) All questions needs to be renamed. it means that each copy of the QuizTemplate.html you make to create a new question, needs to be renamed to the following
name standard: Quiz#.html.

Example: if your creating your first question the name will be: Quiz1.html. Similarly if you are creating a second question the name will be: Quiz2.html and so on until Quiz40.html.
OBS: do remember that you need to create 40 questions, not less, not more!

4) do not remove anything from the <header> section inside QuizTemplate.html or else the program will not behave correctly!

5) Each of the answers inside the <body> tag contains calls to the following functions(as you can see in the template): changeQuiz() which will change
the current question to a new question and increaseexp(100) that will increase the experience points of the player.
as you can see in the template, for every correct answer, theese two function calls needs to be together, and for every wrong answer, only changeQuiz()
function should be called inside the onclick event. You can as you wish change the amount of experiencepoints you want to give the player inside the
parameters of the increaseexp() function call.

6) The finished.html file attached in this folder also needs the be with your questions that you will have created. No changing needs to be done inside
finished.html but for the one who needs to change anything in the <body> section its free to do so.

7) place the folder with your questions in the main folder of the project.

now when you run the program, you just need to specify the foldername that will be asked from you when compiling the program.

for complete example on how your questions folder needs to be designed, please have a look at the Quizzes folder containing 40 premade questions inside
the main project folder.